docs: Clarify where to find flutter version (#392)
canonical/firmware-updater: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Required dependencies

> [Install Flutter](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install/linux) - the currently used version is specified in `.fvmrc`. If you're using [asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/) to manage your Flutter SDK, you can simply run `asdf install` to install the required version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Install Flutter](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install/linux) - the currently used version is specified in `.fvmrc`. If you're using [fvm](https://fvm.app) to manage your Flutter SDK, you can simply run `fvm install` to install the required version.
```

Author: updated
